docs: updating the readme (#65)
asyncapi/cli: README.md

  <em>CLI to work with your AsyncAPI files. Currently supports validation, but it is under development for more features.</em>
</p>

<p align="center">
<a href="https://github.com/asyncapi/cli/blob/master/LICENSE"><img alt="GitHub license" src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/asyncapi/cli"></a>
<a href="https://github.com/asyncapi/cli/actions/workflows/if-nodejs-pr-testing.yml">
<img src="https://github.com/asyncapi/cli/actions/workflows/if-nodejs-pr-testing.yml/badge.svg" alt="PR testing - if Node project"  />
</a>
<a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/@asyncapi/cli">
<img alt="npm" src="https://img.shields.io/npm/dw/@asyncapi/cli">
</a>

</p>

## Table of contents

<!-- toc -->

- [Requirements](#requirements)
  * [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [API Reference](#api-reference)
  * [`validate`](#validate)
  * [`context`](#context)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
  * [Set up development enviornment](#set-up-development-enviornment)

<!-- tocstop -->

## Requirements
To run `@asyncapi/cli`, you'll need Node.js >=v10

> Run this terminal command to check your Node.js version:

Reviewer: Maybe it was here, or maybe it was in another repo, but did I give you a hint to describe the requirements in table form, such as?

- NodeJS >= v10 

Was this removed during the review from Łukasz?

Overall good, I have only this question.

Author: Maybe I missed it I will update it later, 👍🏻

  <em>CLI to work with your AsyncAPI files. Currently supports validation, but it is under development for more features.</em>
</p>

<p align="center">
<a href="https://github.com/asyncapi/cli/blob/master/LICENSE"><img alt="GitHub license" src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/asyncapi/cli"></a>
<a href="https://github.com/asyncapi/cli/actions/workflows/if-nodejs-pr-testing.yml">
<img src="https://github.com/asyncapi/cli/actions/workflows/if-nodejs-pr-testing.yml/badge.svg" alt="PR testing - if Node project"  />
</a>
<a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/@asyncapi/cli">
<img alt="npm" src="https://img.shields.io/npm/dw/@asyncapi/cli">
</a>

</p>

## Table of contents

> 1. [Getting Started](#getting-started)

Reviewer 2: make toc generateable (if such word even exists 😄 ) like we do in other repos, example https://github.com/asyncapi/generator/blob/master/package.json#L27

Author: Installing `markdown-toc` I came across 5 vulnerabilities should I audit fix it. 

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41781438/132811979-f0385a69-d12c-4b15-9318-19b028575f0c.png)

    - [Installation](#installation)
2. [Usage](#usage)
3. [API Reference](#api-reference)
    - [`validate`](#validate)
    - [`context`](#context)
4. [Contributing](#contributing)

> ## Getting Started

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## Requirements
```

> To run `@asyncapi/cli`, ensure that you have NodeJs >=v10. [Install NodeJs via package manager](https://nodejs.org/en/download/package-manager/).

Reviewer 2: should be `Node.js`, and make sure it is consistent everywhere

Reviewer: I wonder if the Requirements section sounds and looks better, like in here -> https://github.com/asyncapi/modelina#requirements

> To run `@asyncapi/cli`, ensure that you have NodeJs >=v10. [Install NodeJs via package manager](https://nodejs.org/en/download/package-manager/).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To run `@asyncapi/cli`, you'll need NodeJS >=v10.

Run this terminal command to check your NodeJS version:
`node -v`

If you don't have NodeJS or NPM, simply [install both via package manager](https://nodejs.org/en/download/package-manager/).
```

### Installation

> As of now the only way to install `asyncapi/cli` is using NPM. If you have NodeJs installed, it is most likely that you have NPM installed as well. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Today, the only way to install `asyncapi/cli` is using NPM.  (If you have NodeJS installed, you most likely have NPM installed as well.) 

We plan to add more installation options, such as via `brew`. To accomplish this, we'd appreciate contributors' help.
```

> As of now the only way to install `asyncapi/cli` is using NPM. If you have NodeJs installed, it is most likely that you have NPM installed as well. 
> 

Reviewer: In other repos we have small description how to install package. We should be consistent across org

```suggestion
Run this command to install the CLI globally on your system:

```

```
npm install -g @asyncapi/cli
```

> This installs the cli globaly on your system allowing you to run it from anywhere. If you want to install it locally, just remove the `-g` flag. 

Reviewer 2: you can mention that we plan to have it available for installation with `brew` and other app managers for other systems and that of course help wanted here

Reviewer 2: maybe as a markdown quote?

> [back to top ⏫](#table-of-contents)

Reviewer 2: you sure you want to have those, they are basically unmaintainable, unless you have a solution we can integrate to automate adding these links

## Usage

> As of now `@asyncapi/cli` supports only validation of spcification file, but is under development for mode features.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As of now `@asyncapi/cli` supports only validation of specification file but is under development for mode features.
```

> As of now `@asyncapi/cli` supports only validation of spcification file, but is under development for mode features.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
As of now, the `@asyncapi/cli` only supports validation of the specification file. (This is still under development for mode features.)
```

> We have well documented help commands so just run 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We have well-documented help commands so just run:
```

> We have well documented help commands so just run 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Run the following to see our well-documented help commands:
```

```
asyncapi --help 
```
[back to top ⏫](#table-of-contents)

## API Reference

### `validate`

**USAGE**

```
asyncapi validate <spcPath | context-name> [options]
```

> If you have current context set then 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you have the current context set then:
```

> If you have current context set then 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you already have your current context set, run the following command:
```

```
asyncapi validate
```

**OPTIONS** 

```
-h, --help Display help for command
-w, --watch Enable watch mode (not implemented yet)
```

[back to top ⏫](#table-of-contents)

## `context`

> Context is what makes it easier for you to work with multiple Asyncapi Files. You can add multiple different files to a context. This way you do not have to pass file as a input everytime you use any command. You can also set a default context, so neither you have to pass in filepath or context name as a input. 
> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
**Context** makes it easier for you to work with multiple AsyncAPI Files. You can add multiple different files to a context so that you don't have to pass the file as an input every time you use any command. You can also set a default context so that you don't have to pass in either file paths or context names as an input. 
```

**USAGE**

```
asyncapi context [options] [command]
```

**COMMANDS**

|command|arguments|description|example|
|-------|---------|-----------|-------|
|`list`|`none` |lists all saved context|`asyncapi context list`|
|`current`|`none`|set current context|`asyncapi context current`|
|`use` | `<context-name>`| set any context from the list as current|`asyncapi context use test`|
|`add`|`<context-name> <spec-file-path>`|add/update a context|`asyncapi context add root ./asyncapi.yml`|
|`remove`|`<context-name>`|remove a context from the list|`asyncapi context remove root`|

**OPTIONS**

```
-h, --help display help for command
```

[back to top ⏫](#table-of-contents)

## Contributing

Read [CONTRIBUTING](https://github.com/asyncapi/CLI/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) guide.

> ### Setting up development enviornment

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Set up development enviornment
```

> Follow these steps - 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Follow these steps:
```

- Clone the repo.
- Run `npm install` to install all the required dependencies

> - Run `npm run test` to make sure eveything is properly setup. 

Reviewer 2: I think https://github.com/asyncapi/cli/issues/37 should be documented here

Author: Should I have a reference to this issue here or, have a brief paragraph talking about the convention we are following. And if we write about this wouldn't `CONTRIBUTING.MD` be the right place for this.

Reviewer 2: it would be actually, you can add it to contributing guide

some inspiration where you have a link to large contrib guide + some extra -> https://github.com/kyma-project/console/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md

Author: @derberg what shall we call the section, does `Command Naming Pattern` sounds good.

Reviewer 2: `Commands Structure and Patterns` sounds good I think?

> - Run `npm run test` to make sure eveything is properly setup. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Run `npm run test` to make sure everything is properly set up. 
```
